docs/ml.md, before:

# My ML Journey

A mostly chronologicial listing of my ML exposure

## 2012
- enrolled in University of Louisville graduate 'certificate' program in Data Science
    - Data Mining With Linear Models: CECS-694
        - using Enterprise SAS for linear model applications
    - Big Data: Document-oriented Databases: CECS-694-50
        - mongodb, hadoop, semester project
    - decided to discontinue, the program felt 'long in the tooth' compared to industry
- supported 'similarity search' application for million product catalog using automatic and user-supplied tags for images associated with products

## 2013
- completed Andrew Ng's original 'Machine Learning' course at Coursera

## 2014
- online course "[Hilary Mason](https://hilarymason.com/): An Introduction to Machine Learning with Web Data"
- online course "[More Data Mining With Weka](https://www.cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/mooc/moredataminingwithweka/)"
    - necessary local install and use of weka toolset

## 2017
- achieved [Deep Learning Specialization](https://www.deeplearning.ai/courses/deep-learning-specialization/) from DeepLearning.ai (founded by Andrew Ng)
    - [Improving Deep Neural Networks: Hyperparameter Tuning, Regularization and Optimization](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/3VM9CBSRCXRS)
    - [Neural Networks and Deep Learning](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/VVY46ZGFUGMB)
    - [Convolutional Neural Networks](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/CFTHB9NGK3SL)

## 2020
- worked through '[Practical Deep Learning for Coders](https://course.fast.ai/)', Jeremy Howard's PyTorch-based course and library

## 2021
- [Deep Learning With Graphs](https://twimlai.com/community/program/cs224w-machine-learning-with-graphs-2021-study-group/)
    - study group based on [CS224w class at Stanford](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAB_plj2rbA)

## 2022
- revisiting the 2022 updates to '[Practical Deep Learning for Coders](https://course.fast.ai/)'
- ran through all of Jeremy Howard's Live Coding sessions

## Kaggle competitions
 - [Cassava leaf disease detection](https://www.kaggle.com/c/cassava-leaf-disease-classification)
 - [Mechanisms of Action (MOA) - Drug Discovery](https://www.kaggle.com/c/lish-moa)

## [Numer.ai Competition](https://numer.ai/)
 - basic linear model entry with minor tuning
 - participated with study group participants for their advanced submissions

## Religiously Listened to ML Podcasts
 - [Twiml - This Week In Machine Learning](https://twimlai.com/shows/)

Commit message:

some cleanup and recent updates

docs/ml.md, after:

# My ML Journey

A mostly chronologicial listing of my ML exposure

## 2012
- enrolled in University of Louisville graduate 'certificate' program in Data Science
    - Data Mining With Linear Models: CECS-694
        - using Enterprise SAS for linear model applications
    - Big Data: Document-oriented Databases: CECS-694-50
        - mongodb, hadoop, semester project
    - decided to discontinue, the program felt 'long in the tooth' compared to industry
- supported 'similarity search' application for million product catalog using automatic and user-supplied tags for images associated with products

## 2013
- completed Andrew Ng's original 'Machine Learning' course at Coursera

## 2014
- online course "[Hilary Mason](https://hilarymason.com/): An Introduction to Machine Learning with Web Data"
- online course "[More Data Mining With Weka](https://www.cs.waikato.ac.nz/ml/weka/mooc/moredataminingwithweka/)"
    - necessary local install and use of weka toolset

## 2017
- achieved [Deep Learning Specialization](https://www.deeplearning.ai/courses/deep-learning-specialization/) from DeepLearning.ai (founded by Andrew Ng)
    - [Improving Deep Neural Networks: Hyperparameter Tuning, Regularization and Optimization](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/3VM9CBSRCXRS)
    - [Neural Networks and Deep Learning](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/VVY46ZGFUGMB)
    - [Convolutional Neural Networks](https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/verify/CFTHB9NGK3SL)

## 2020
- worked through '[Practical Deep Learning for Coders](https://course.fast.ai/)', [Jeremy Howard](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeremy_Howard_(entrepreneur))'s PyTorch-based course and library

## 2021
- [Deep Learning With Graphs](https://twimlai.com/community/program/cs224w-machine-learning-with-graphs-2021-study-group/)
    - study group based on [CS224w class at Stanford](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAB_plj2rbA)

## 2022
- revisiting the 2022 updates to '[Practical Deep Learning for Coders](https://course.fast.ai/)'
- ran through all of [Jeremy Howard](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jeremy_Howard_(entrepreneur))'s [Live Coding sessions](https://forums.fast.ai/t/live-coding-1/96649)

## 2023
- weekly remote meetup of [TWIML Generative AI Study Group](https://twimlai.com/community/)
- all the [DeepLearning.ai short courses](https://www.deeplearning.ai/short-courses/) on LLMs  
-- made repos of some of them in order to run independent of the course kernel ([LangChain for LLMs](https://github.com/davecampbell/langchain-jupyter-01), [Agents](https://github.com/davecampbell/langchain-sc07-agents))



## Kaggle competitions
 - [Cassava leaf disease detection](https://www.kaggle.com/c/cassava-leaf-disease-classification)
 - [Mechanisms of Action (MOA) - Drug Discovery](https://www.kaggle.com/c/lish-moa)

## [Numer.ai Competition](https://numer.ai/)
 - basic linear model entry with minor tuning
 - participated with study group participants for their advanced submissions

## Religiously Listened to ML Podcasts
 - [Twiml - This Week In Machine Learning](https://twimlai.com/shows/)
